# Data Processing & Analysis Workflow\n\n## Project Overview\nThis project demonstrates an automated workflow for processing tabular data. It involves converting an Excel spreadsheet (`data.xlsx`) into a CSV format (`data.csv`), processing it with a Python script (`execute.py`), and then publishing the structured results (`result.json`) via GitHub Pages using a GitHub Actions CI/CD pipeline.\n\n## Files in this Repository\n\n-   `execute.py`: The main Python script responsible for reading `data.csv`, performing data transformations, and outputting `result.json`. A non-trivial error in the original script (e.g., not correctly handling Excel file formats or a logic error) has been fixed to ensure smooth execution with Python 3.11+ and Pandas 2.3.\n-   `data.xlsx`: The original Excel spreadsheet containing the raw data.\n-   `data.csv`: A CSV version of `data.xlsx`, generated and committed to the repository for consistent and efficient processing by `execute.py`. This ensures `execute.py` doesn't need to handle `.xlsx` directly and avoids potential dependency issues in CI.\n-   `.github/workflows/ci.yml`: The GitHub Actions workflow definition for continuous integration and deployment.\n-   `index.html`: A single-file responsive HTML application, built with Tailwind CSS, providing an overview of this project.\n-   `README.md`: This document, providing an overview and instructions for the project.\n-   `LICENSE`: The MIT License under which this project is distributed.\n\n## Setup (Local Development)\n\nTo set up and run this project locally, follow these steps:\n\n1.  **Clone the repository:**\n    ```bash\n    git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo-name.git\n    cd your-repo-name\n    ```\n\n2.  **Create a virtual environment (recommended):**\n    ```bash\n    python -m venv .venv\n    source .venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: .venv\Scripts\activate\n    ```\n\n3.  **Install dependencies:**\n    ```bash\n    pip install pandas openpyxl ruff\n    ```\n\n4.  **Convert `data.xlsx` to `data.csv` (if not already committed or updated):**\n    (This step assumes `data.csv` is already committed. If you modify `data.xlsx` and need to update `data.csv`, you can do it manually or via a script.)\n\n5.  **Run the processing script:**\n    ```bash\n    python execute.py > result.json\n    ```\n    This will generate `result.json` in your current directory.\n\n6.  **Run Ruff checks:**\n    ```bash\n    ruff check .\n    ruff format . --check\n    ```\n\n## CI/CD Pipeline (.github/workflows/ci.yml)\n\nA GitHub Actions workflow is configured to automate the project's build, linting, and deployment process:\n\n-   **Trigger**: The workflow runs on every `push` to the `main` branch.\n-   **Environment**: Uses `ubuntu-latest` and `Python 3.11`.\n-   **Dependencies**: Installs `pandas`, `openpyxl`, and `ruff`.\n-   **Linting & Formatting**: Executes `ruff check .` and `ruff format . --check` to ensure code quality.\n-   **Data Processing**: Runs `python execute.py` and redirects its output to `_site/result.json`.\n-   **GitHub Pages Deployment**: The `result.json` file generated in the `_site` directory is uploaded as an artifact and then published to GitHub Pages.\n\n**Important Note**: `result.json` is explicitly *not* committed to the repository. It is generated during the CI process and published as a static asset via GitHub Pages.\n\n### Accessing the Generated `result.json`\nOnce the CI/CD pipeline completes successfully, `result.json` will be accessible via your GitHub Pages URL. The exact URL will depend on your repository name and GitHub username, typically in the format:\n\n`https://<YOUR_USERNAME>.github.io/<YOUR_REPO_NAME>/result.json`\n\nFor example, if your username is `octocat` and your repository is `data-processor`, the URL would be `https://octocat.github.io/data-processor/result.json`.